Preview 13 Ready for update (#16)
infinyon/stateful-dataflows-examples: primitives/key-value/output/README.MD

# Output Key/Value Example

> This is an example of producing records with a `key` and a `value` for a fluvial topic. We've defined a function that reads records from a topic, divides them into a key and a value, and sends the result to a new topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example of sinking records with a `key` and a `value` into a fluvio topic. We've defined a function that reads records from a topic, divides them into a key and a value, and sends the result to a new topic.
```
